# PEH 2021-04-26 Meeting Agenda

###### tags: `Error Handling` `Minutes`

- Previous Meeting: https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/blob/master/meetings/2021-04-12.md 
- Action Items: https://hackmd.io/@rust-libs/Hyj7kRSld
- Book Planning Doc: https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/edit/1FhyaBOOANgdSTKA8xbYIt8t/

## Agenda Items

- Review action items from last meeting
- Review [Project Board](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-error-handling/projects/1) Issues
- Individual Status Updates

# Attendees

- Jane Lusby
- oliver
- Jakub Duchniewicz
- Charles Ellis O'Riley Jr.
- Senyo Simpson

# Meeting Minutes 

## Resolved Action Items

- created tracking issue for book work
- summarized 3rd party library in book discussion
- Paused book meetings until we have more bandwidth to work on it
- Plecra is working on a new RFC on the downcasting logic from the generic member access RFC
- Updated generic member access RFC to use new dyno API
- Updated tracking issue for fixing the error trait
- found possible solution to soundness issue for specializing Termination
- Nearly done with blog post for future work related to lost context
- Chas is now porting the diagram for the book to dot

